"Even your gravest mistakes shouldn't stop you from moving forward.”
"Even when our eyes are closed, there's a whole world out there, that lives outside of ourselves and our dreams."
"A lesson without pain is meaningless.
That's because no one can gain without sacrificing something.
But by enduring that pain and overcoming it, he shall obtain a powerful, unmatched heart... A Fullmetal Heart.”
"It's like that myth about the hero... He made wings out of wax so he could fly... but when he got too close to the sun... to God... the wax melted and he crashed to the ground..."
"Maybe life has no equal trade, maybe you can give up all you got, and get nothing back.
Even if I can't prove it's true, I have to try, for your sake, Al."
"I can't tell you that… You have to figure it out.
Stand up and walk.
Keep moving forward.
You've got two good legs.
So get up and use them.
You're strong enough to make your own path.”
"Like I always say, can't find a door?
Make your own.”
"Whoever invented stew is brilliant!
It has milk in it and it still tastes good."
"The cycle of life goes only one direction, not even alchemy can change that."
"Save your breath.
The laws of alchemy don't justify murder!”
"Water, 35 litres.
Carbon, 20 kg.
Ammonia, 4 litres.
Lime, 1.5 kg.
Phosphorus, 800 g.
Salt, 250 g.
Niter, 100 g.
Sulphur, 80 g.
Fluoride, 7.5 g.
Iron, 5 g.
Silicon, 3g.
And fifteen other elements.
Those are the elements to make an average adult human body.
You can buy these elemental ingredients at the market with the pocket money of a child.
Humans are made so cheaply.”
"I think people should try to ignore their race, and just treat each other as equals."
"There's no way I'm dying before you do, you morally bankrupt Colonel with a God complex.”
"I will do what I can, even if my chance of passing is minuscule, if that will allow me to move forward."
"I've been thinking about this for a long time.
We put all our trust in alchemy but in the end... what is it?
"Alchemy is the science of understanding the flow of matter and its laws.
The process of comprehension, deconstruction, and reconstruction.
The world flows too.
It must also follow laws.
Everything circulates.
Even death is a part of that circulation.
You must accept the flow."
Hmm, Teacher sure drummed that into our heads, didn't she?
I thought I understood it.
But I don't understand anything... Mom proves that.
Now here I am again, trying desperately to figure out a way to do the impossible.
I'm such a hopeless idiot.
All this time and I haven't grown up one bit.
I thought maybe the rain would wash away some of this gloom that's been following me... but right now, every drop that hits my face is even more depressing.”
"DON'T CALL ME SMALL!
I'LL BREAK DOWN YOUR FEET AND STICK THEM ON YOUR HEAD!!”
"Sun, it's just a mass of hydrogen... Get too close to it and all you do is burn."
"We're not Demons or Gods.
We're just humans."
"We're going to be moving forward!
If we move forward, we'll get stronger, both physically and mentally."
"The great flow that maintains the universe, call it the cycle of life, the course of nature each one of us is just a small part of that part.
One in the all.
Yet without all the individual ones, the all can't exist.
This world flows by following grander laws that we can't even imagine.
To recognize that flow, to work in it.
To decompose, and recreate, that is alchemy.”
"Revenge that involves unrelated people isn’t valid at all.
All he’s doing is hiding his vengeful hate with the title of God’s representative and acting sublime.”
"It was just a rebound!
Don't make a big deal over one or two arms!"
"Yeah, I get it.
You couldn't see me since I'm so short, you couldn't distinguish me from all the grains of sand.
VERY FUNNY!!"
"Wrong, holy man.
All we want is to get our bodies normal again.
See, we don't lie about what's possible.
We didn't start a cult."
"How can you move forward if you keep regretting the past”
"No matter how big the place is, we'll eventually reach the edge if we keep moving forward!"
"I'm not short, I just live in a big world."
"There's no such thing as a painless lesson, they just don't exist.
Sacrifices are necessary, you can't gain something without losing something first...
Although if you can endure that pain and walk away from it, you'll find that you now have a heart strong enough to overcome any obstacle... Yeah... A Fullmetal Heart.”
"Even with your stones, I'm on a whole other level!"
"If there's no door, then I'll make one!"
"Don't give alcohol to minors!"
"Everything we see, everyone we meet, is caught up in a great unseen flow.
But it's bigger than that.
It's the entire world, the entire universe even.
And compared to something as big as that, Al, you and I are tiny, not even the size of ants.
Only one small part within a much greater flow.
Nothing more than a fraction of the whole.
But by putting all those "ones" together, you get one great "All", just like Teacher said.
The flow of this universe follows laws of such magnitude that you and I can't even imagine them.”
"AHA-HA-HA!
Alchemists are scientists.
We don't believe in unprovable concepts like "God".
We strive to uncover the principles of creation in the matter of the world, to pursue truth... it's ironic that we scientists... who don't believe in God... are in a sense the closest things to him."
"Now I see.
You're Jealous.
You're jealous of humans, aren't you?
According to you, humans are supposed to be a lot weaker than Homunculi.
And yet, even if they get discouraged after being beaten, and even if they get close to falling down after losing their paths, they continue to get up and fight.
Everyone around them helps them get back up.
And you're envious of that.”
"I'm not short! I'm fun-sized!"
"Hey, mutt! I need exercise, so I'll play with you!”
"There are always things more important than someone's dream.."
"I didn't know she could be so cute."
"Come down here and face me, you third-rate fraud.
I'll show you there's no comparison between us!”
"You're lucky Al.
Since your body's huge."
“Stand up and walk.
Keep moving forward.
You've got two good legs.
So get up and use them.
You're strong enough to make your own path.”
“Damn it, there are so many idiots whose asses I have to kick!
I'll have to start carrying a list just to keep track of 'em all!” 
“There are many questions in this world that have no answers.”
“It's called having integrity.
You should try it sometime.” 
“What?!
I'm not small!
It's the world that's too big!!”
“But even so, we're not devils, let alone gods.
We're human.
We're human!” 
“The "Wet Tongue Gets Stuck To A Frozen Flagpole" attack!” 
“We're going to start walking again.
We can't stand still, you know.
Not as long as we're still alive.” 
“And now, I'm thinking again, isn't there something we can do about something we can't do anything about?” 
“Revenge that involves unrelated people isn’t valid at all.
All he’s doing is hiding his vengeful hate with the title of God’s representative and acting sublime.”
“I've been thinking about this for a long time.
We put all our trust in alchemy but in the end... what is it?
"Alchemy is the science of understanding the flow of matter and its laws.
The process of comprehension, deconstruction, and reconstruction.
The world flows too.
It must also follow laws.
Everything circulates.
Even death is a part of that circulation.
You must accept the flow."
Hmm, Teacher sure drummed that into our heads, didn't she?
I thought I understood it.
“I think people should try to ignore their race, and just treat each other as equals.”
“You know, it's funny.
Every crook I meet wants to tell me how much I'm just like them.
But there's a big difference between you and me and the burdens we bear.”
“WHO ARE YOU CALLING SO SMALL YOU WANNA CRUSH LIKE AN ANT?!”
“Come on now.
Is that anyway to talk to your new boss, landlord, and all-around overseer?”
“CHILDBIRTH'S NOT ALCHEMY, YOU DOPE!”
“Attention, gun-toting extremists! 
Can you hear me all right, or did you blow your ears out playing target practice?”
“WHO ARE YOU CALLING A RUNT SO TINY HE COULD ONLY BE SEEN WITH A MAGNIFYING GLASS, YOU JERK!”
“Nobody calls me a pipsqueak and gets away with it!
Not even a little girl!”
“This pain's nothing...compared to what he's given up…”
“WHO ARE YOU CALLING A MOUSY LITTLE PIPSQUEAK?!”
“Told you, Rose. 
Get too close to the sun, and you'll burn.”
“Don't look away, Rose!
You need to see what happens when you try to bring a human to life, when you cross into God's territory or whatever the hell it is!
Is this what you want?! Look!!”
“By the way, I don't get my skills from a pocketwatch.”
“You combined animals, the most depraved kind of alchemy there is.”
“Shorty?!
Could a shorty do this?!
What else you want to call me: a half-pint bean-sprout midget?!
I'm still growing you backwater desert idiots!”
“I don't think so, pops!
Do I look like a clown to you?!”
“I hate deserts.
It's nothing but sand.
If there was some grass, I could turn it into bread.
I'm starving! 
Huh? 
Hey! 
Al, where'd you go? 
Al? 
Hey!”
“Alchemy: The science of understanding the structure of matter, breaking it down, then reconstructing it as something else.
It can even make gold from lead.
But alchemy is a science, so it must follow the natural laws: To create, something of equal value must be lost.
This is the principle of Equivalent Exchange.
But on that night, I learned the value of some things can't be measured on a simple scale.
My brother and I knew the laws of science, of Equivalent Exchange, that gain required sacrifice, that something had to be taken from us.
But we thought there was nothing more we could lose.
We were wrong.”
“Awww!! 
There are just so many people whose asses I have to kick!”
“Che.
It's so tight, it makes me glad that I have a small body.
Shit! I just admitted I'm small!”
“Stand up and walk... Move on...
After all, you have perfect legs to stand on…”
“When ethnicity is all you think about, there’s bound to be confrontation… But if we deal with one another as individuals, then it’s possible to treat each other as equals.”
“Whether it be an arm, or a leg, or even my heart you can take it!!
So give him back...
HE'S MY LITTLE BROTHER AND HE'S ALL I HAVE LEFT!!!”
“The next time I make you cry, it'll be tears of joy!”
“Who are you calling a shrimpy, flea-sized paramecium?!”
“This is my last transmutation.
Just sit back and enjoy the show!”
“Equivalent Exchange!
I'll give half of my life to you and you give half of yours to me!!”
“Don't bust a lung grandpa, we can fix it!”
“Fuzake n Na!”
“Don’t kid around!”
"Don't screw with me!"
“You bastard!”
"Stop jerking me around!"
“What a nasty thing to do.”
“OH YEAH, CAN A RUNT DO THIS?!”
“Grr...!
DON'T CALL ME LITTLE!!!”
“WELL EVEN IF HE WASN'T, HE STILL PISSED ME OFF!!!”
“Go on, say 'little.' 
I dare you.”
“Nice to meet you...
My name is Edward Elric...
this is my younger brother, Alphonse Elric... get that? Youn-ger brot-her…”
“Grrrr...!
WHERE DO YA GET OFF CALLING ME LITTLE?!
YOU LOOKED IN A MIRROR LATELY?!
I'M TALLER THAN YOU ARE!”
“You know... There are some lines you really shouldn't cross.”
“WILL YOU GET OUT?!!!!”
“The ones about his miracles?
They say he can transmute flowers out of thin air, right?
Could be slight of hand, some cheap trick like that.”
“Right... if it's not then I suppose all that leaves is the real thing, huh?”
“The celestial stone that destroyed the city of Xerxes in one night.
The grand elixir, sealed away by the Eastern Sage.
It goes by different names, but it's always the same thing: some kind of object that amplifies alchemy.
And that's the Philosopher's Stone.
If we could just get our hands on it somehow, I might be able to get your body back...
Damn books!
They tell us everything but how to find it!”